Handle / in nginx config (#5450)
saleor/saleor-dashboard: .changeset/wicked-panthers-pay.md

---
"saleor-dashboard": patch
---

> Nginx config now server index.html to paths that doesnot contains dashboard

Reviewer: nudge: typo

```suggestion
Nginx config now serves `index.html` to paths that don't contain `/dashboard`
```
